Ok I'll wait
How did that happen?
This bid king can't do it either?
What happened?
Ah, it's time to give up now
willing to admit defeat
The young owner of a formal group
You don't want to fight in your own place, do you?
I'm willing to admit defeat
I will call you for the 300 million.
So that you can give the money to Sister Hua
And all the rough stones, thank you.
Miss Xu, now it's your turn to fulfill your preparations
Don't worry, Brother Xu Qing speaks with a word
OK
Go first
Mr. Meng Zonggao
Thank you.
Nonsense
Sir Populus euphratica
This Chen Hao's strength is unfathomable
And it's my fault so many times
Why don't you get rid of him as soon as possible
I am now at a critical moment of cultivation
Refining two more pure silver bodies
You can enter the pig path
Even if the gods come
Not my opponent
Little Chen Hao
Kill him like a dog
I wish the Ghost King an early leap to the Pig God Path
All right.
Can you help me find the remaining pure silver body?
Yes
Zen horn, wait for me to practice my magic skills
I will remember your blood